[ISSUE 11714][DOC][spelling mistakes]fix spelling mistakes for doc (#11715)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/reference-configuration.md

|compactionRate|The rate at which compaction will read entries, in adds per second.|1000|
|isThrottleByBytes|Throttle compaction by bytes or by entries.|false|
|compactionRateByEntries|The rate at which compaction will read entries, in adds per second.|1000|

> |compactionRateByBytes|Set the rate at which compaction will read entries. The unit is bytes added per second.|1000000|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|compactionRateByBytes|Set the rate at which compaction reads entries. The unit is bytes added per second.|1000000|
```
